Walkthrough of my website:

Home Page:
On the home page of my webpage, I have my resume with extra information added to it, along with a download link that stays floating to the bottom for my actual Resume. I wanted this to be my main page as I plan to eventually use this website and to link it from my resume. So if i want people to use this to see me as a possible candidate, I figured having that as the front page is a great way to start.

Projects page:
I wanted this to be a page where I can dump any and all projects I think are cool or interesting that ive done, while making the descriptions simple enough for anyone to read and understand. For now I only have four projects listed, however I plan to add more in the future. I want to have at least one image or gif for each porject originally, however quickly realized that wont work for all of them, however I still think adding them adds more detail and makes it more interesting, and plan to continue that.

About me:
I want to have a page where I can write what I believe makes up who I am, I want this page to humanize me a bit, as I feel like the rest of my website doesnt show off that aspect of me very well.

Contact me:
I want to have a page where its quick and easy to get into contact with me, I wasnt able to complete what I wanted within the time frame, so for now its a bit of a placeholder, but I am planning to finish this within my own time.



What I couldn't do or plan to do:
	I want to have my contact me page to have a php form where people can send me an email without my email being typed directly on my webpage, however I don't want to copy and paste the PHP code to make that work, so I need to undersatnd it a bit more before I implement that.

	I wanted to add a lot more projects, and still have some I plan to add, hwoever i am waiting to get some photos or videos from ceraitn people in order to make that look more appealing
	
	I want to add more info to my about page, I am planning to send this webpage out and ask people what they believe I should add there, however for now I believe this is sufficent.

	I feel like the bottom of my webpage feel very empty for now, so I'm considering adding my social media links as a bottom for every page as well as on the contact me page, especially once I get my php emailer finished.
	
	Finally, I am still torm on my theme. I like almost everything about it but my background bothers me. I want to add something to make it stand out, however, I'm not sure what I can do for that right now. I've tried a few other colors but I think its mostly just that it's one color that bothers me, so I want to add either a patterned photo or a much more complicated division of my background in order to fix this. \
	
